This is My work and I have been on it since august of 2022. It has been an exceptionally eye opening experience and I hope I go far  in this my chosen path.

The name of the individual I interviewed is Mrs. Adenike Adesanya and the interview was conducted virtually via Whatsapp video call from 12:30 pm to 12:51 pm. During the course of the interview, Mrs. Adesanya made some very noteworthy statements which as a result of the previous knowledge gained from my studies in ALX on Grit, growth mindset and fixed mindset I had the opportunity to classify. Here are a few;

“I am still successful.” - Growth mindset

“I gained success through the help of God and Diligence.” - Growth mindset 

“I had a goal and focused on what I wanted to achieve in terms of the different types of businesses that I have.” - Growth mindset

“It required a lot of sacrifice and not taking NO for an answer.” - Growth mindset

“I’m the kind of person that believes that no matter how little you have you can achieve great things with it and it has kept me going all these years.” - Growth mindset

“I felt great joy when I eventually established my farm.” - Growth mindset

 “God,persistence and support made me achieve this success.” -Growth mindset
Mrs. Adesanya’s story was full of grit because throughout her journey through failure and success she never gave up and at the end of the day she came out victorious. To my surprise even though Mrs. Adesanya failed her mathematics exams 3 times, she went ahead to graduate university with flying colours and now she is a well established business woman. I learnt alot from her because she made me realise that I can start small and grow big and above all it's never too late to start.
Mrs. Adesanya’s story was full of grit because throughout her journey through failure and success she never gave up and at the end of the day she came out victorious. To my surprise even though Mrs. Adesanya failed her mathematics exams 3 times, she went ahead to graduate university with flying colours and now she is a well established business woman. I learnt alot from her because she made me realise that I can start small and grow big and above all it's never too late to start.
